Alex Jones RANT: "We're Coming for Ya Globalist", July 2011.
Even a baby will fight for its life in the womb, won't you fight for your life?! Won't you recognize who these scum are?! "Alex Jones Gay Bomb Rant", October 16 2015.
Alex Jones Setup With Child Porn In Sandy Hook Case, Offers Reward The Alex Jones Show, June 14, 2019
There's a war on for your mind! InfoWars tagline (founded 6th March 1999)
:Alex Jones is pushing conspiracy theories about the death of a Sandy Hook father who was suing him "Media  Matters  for  America" 26, March 2019
"Alex Jones Most Intense Moments, The Alex Jones Show, January 14, 2017.
The Alex Jones Show, 28 December 2014.
This video, posted by RWW Blogs -  and posted on their site:  by Brian Tashman, Right Wing Watch (8 December 2016)
Alex's Bill Gates Chicken-Neck Bastard 'Rant', September 2011.
"we don't even notice hell itself rising up against us", The Alex Jones Show, January 28, 2017.
Just men in black uniforms grabbing a fifty five-year-old uh you  know woman just choking ah you're gonna learn who we are you're gonna  learn to submit the foreign bankers have given us unlimited power and  we're gonna rule you this is our country your here and WE'RE GONNA FEED  ON YOUR ASS!,  AND THE COPS JUST DRINK FLUORIDE WATER, AHHH THEY TAKE  THEIR KIDS AND JUST SHOOT 'EM UP WITH MERCURY and the kids become  autistic the cops don't care they're I'm GOING TO THE TIT BAR I don't  care if my kids brain-damaged they drink whiskey and wreck and kill  everybody in Austin and then when they wreck and kill themselves the  cops then go and SWAT team the bar owners that sold them too much  whiskey it's your fault you sold too much whiskey to a god. YOU DON'T  SELL TOO MUCH WHISKEY TO A GOD! We're God! You understand we roll  America; we'll shoot you in the face, we'll bloody your face, and we'll  laugh about it because we're weak gang members. The Alex Jones Show, 9 January 2009.
I mean, how do I get a fair trial with stuff like this? I’ve  never said this guy’s name. Never said his name, until now. And  obviously first it’s "we don’t know, he’s got gunshot wounds or  whatever." Now it’s, well, apparent suicide. I mean, is there going to  be a police investigation? Are they going to look at the surveillance  cameras? I mean, what happened to this guy? This whole Sandy Hook thing  is, like, really getting even crazier.We have no idea whether he was  even murdered at this point. Why would some anti-gun guy do this? This  is really sad. My prayers go out to him and his family and we wish for  the truth of whatever really happened here to come out. We don’t know  yet. And we’ll see the corporate media say outrageous lies, but it’s  what they do. And look, the good news of no collusion, the good news  that I’m not a Russian agent comes out, and now this happens right on  time. Just amazing. :Alex Jones is pushing conspiracy theories about the death of a Sandy Hook father who was suing him "Media  Matters  for  America" 26, March 2019
"Antigun Activist David Hogg Attacks Infowars For Gay Frogs", The Alex Jones Show, March 2018.
The Alex Jones Show, February 5, 2013.
The Alex Jones Show, 13 April 2018; quoted in "Watch Alex Jones cry over Trump's decision to bomb Syria" by Christine Friar, The Daily Dot (14 April 2018).
There are real people. There are people that ain't out to get  you and your family. There's real people ready to fight! And all you  scumbag pedophiles the rest of ya, you wanna fight!? Get ready, you're  gonna get it assholes!...turning loose on 'em! "ALL YOU SCUMBAG PEDOS — YOU WANNA FIGHT!? GET READY, YOU’RE GONNA GET IT ASSHOLES!", NoWorldOrder.com, February 21 2017
Aaaeeh aaah murder the Christians reeeeuhhhh destroy everything  just rughhh... I mean you know this drunk is bleeeugh but still  stumbling forwards, more blood loeooaoohh as she falls down, they go our  God must be lifted back up guuagh aeeeeeghehhah more blood of the  innocent hahahaha sell the baby parts, arrest the reporters that expose  we're keeping babies alive, heat the hospitals with their bodies, have  the Pepsi taste testing systems be based on fetal tissue all demonic  systems, genetically engineer all the crops, overthrow creation, more  blood, oaohhgahgh loeooogh. That's Hillary. The Alex Jones Show, "Murder The Christians, Destroy Everything", November 2016
"Internet Wars Between TYT and Alex Jones", The Young Turks, 18 December 2009.
InfoWars tagline (founded 6th March 1999)
Bernie wants us to live under the heavenly socialist–communist system like China. We never hear the left criticize that Mao Tse-Tung  killed over 80 million people—the Chinese government admits—biggest  mass murder in history. That's why there's so many liberal trendy places  in Austin, in Denver, in New York, in LA, and San Francisco named after  Mao. And people go and love play on their iPhones and the free market  and their Chinese slave goods, and they drink beer and expensive wine  and giggle about how fun it is to wear red stars. You couldn't put more  bad luck on you, you couldn't trash your mojo better. Wearing swastika  armbands, you stupid snot-nosed crud! That live off the backs of  everybody that fought Nazism and Communism. You need to have your jaws  broken! Don't you worry, reality is gonna crash in on you, trash! Who  lowered our defenses and brought the Republic down; oh, we're already  gone! And you celebrate it like you've joined the globalists  mounting America's head on the wall, your great victory! A mass rape of  women across Europe. The national draft coming in for women! The  families falling apart! Women degraded into nothing but sexual objects!  ALL in the name of Gloria Steinem  and the Central Intelligence Agency program! And a Bernie Sanders with  his fake Einstein hair, and his 'I'm a man of the people!' We go out and  talk to Bernie Sanders' supporters, they can hardly talk—they're like  him—'Free! Free! I want free stuff!' As if the New World Order is gonna  give you anything free! Oh, it's free like a piece of cheese. And a  little mouse comes out and it smells it and goes to bite it and, wa bam!  Breaks your neck. But you're stupider than the little mouse. You can  see all the countries and all the people caught in the mouse traps,  caught in the big bear traps. You know what you do? You go into a trendy  shop. On some capitalist strip. And you go in and you snuggle in with  that credit card that daddy put money in for the trust fund. And you put  on that little fur-rimmed coat and you're all sexy with your hammer and  sickle on, and your Che Guevara  and, you know, shirt from Rage Against the Machine, and the whole  capitalist record company system selling it to you, and you go out on  the street and you walk into McDonald's and you have yourself a double  latte, oh yeah. Pathetic! Scum! Oh, how you'll burn in the camps, later.  Wishing you had done something; I mean, you are the ultimate chumps,  the ultimate buffoons, the ultimate schmucks! ... But the public had so  much freedom! They were so wealthy, even our poorest, they had no idea  that what they were replacing it with was abject slavery. The Alex Jones Show, "RWW News: Jones: Sanders Voters Should Get Their 'Jaws Broken'", February 9, 2016
"ALEX JONES SAYS FUCK TRUMP FOR SYRIA MISSILE STRIKES", The Alex Jones Show, April 13 2018.
All the average feds care about is dressing up in black uniforms  and having mustaches and starring at people... I know your mustache is  cool! You got little gold-framed glasses! You scare me so bad! Ugh...  you scum! Scum! ... What's driving me crazy is that photo right there,  zoom in on that, it's one of those cops with a black uniform with a  mustache. You know that guy is a coward! You know he's a piece of  garbage! You know he's weak! Oh! ... Oh, you got a mustache, I'll just  worship you. Oh, you got a mustache, it's okay! Ugh, your demonic little  mustaches! "Demonic Mustache Rant!", February 2012.
He’s sucking globalist dick. Said in a YouTube video posted on 30 March 2017, as quoted in Trump Ally Alex Jones Threatens To “Beat” Rep. Adam Schiff’s “Goddamn Ass” In Anti-Gay Tirade by MEDIA MATTERS STAFF, Media Matters (4 April 2016)
Alex Jones: I'm Ready to Kill People, Not Literally, The Alex Jones Show, December 13 2018.
The Alex Jones Show, "RWW News: Jones: Sanders Voters Should Get Their 'Jaws Broken'", February 9, 2016
It’s the Devil. The churches aren’t going to tell you. It is an  alien force, not of this world, attacking humanity like the Bible and  every ancient text says, and you can read the Bible, it’s hiding in  plain view. It’s not of this world. And I don’t know exactly what it is  or what it’s doing, but this is not human intelligence, OK? It'S not  human intelligence w're facing! I refuse to fight with everybody. All  the stupid racist white people, all the stupid racist black people, all  the stupid racist Mexicans. All of you. I can't stand you, you're  idiots. We're under attack. Everybody's under attack. The elite hate Trump.  Let me tell you, if he is a psy-op, he is the most sophisticated one I  ever saw. And even if he is, he is a revelation of the awakening and  they have to pull this trick to try to divert us. It doesn’t matter,  it’s part of the awakening. Humanity has got to get off-world. We need  access to the life-extension technologies. Talk about discrimination,  forget skin color. I want the advanced life-extension! I want to go to  space! I want to see interdimensional travel! I want what God promised  us and I won’t sit here and watch Satan steal it! That’s the fight!  That’s the key! That’s everything! The Alex Jones Show, "Alex Jones Will Save Humanity From Satan", March 17, 2016
The Alex Jones Show, "Murder The Christians, Destroy Everything", November 2016
Look, when you realize how fake it all is; the football, the basketball, the Lady Gaga, the Justin Bieber—you  know, who gives you these carbon tax messages. They tell your kids they  gotta love Justin Biebler [sic], and then Biebler [sic] says "hand in  your guns", "pass the Cyber Security Act", and "the police state is  good", and then your children are turned into a mindless vassals—who  now, they look up to some twit, instead of looking up to Thomas Jefferson, or looking up to Nikola Tesla, or looking up to Magellan;  I mean, kids, Magellan is a lot cooler than Justin Bieber! He  circumnavigated with one ship the entire planet! He was killed by wild  natives before they got back to Portugal! And when they got back there  was only like eleven people alive of the two hundred and something crew  and the entire ship was rotting down to the waterline! That's destiny!  That's will! That's striving! That's being a trailblazer and explore!  Going into space! Mathematics! Quantum mechanics! The secrets of the  universe! It's all there! Life is fiery with its beauty! Its incredible  detail! Tuning into it! They wanna shutter your mind, talking about  Justin Bieber! It's pure evil! They're taking your intellect, your soul,  and giving you Michael Jordan  and Bieber. Unlock your human potential! Defeat the globalists who  wanna shutter your mind!—Your doorways to perception!—I wanna see you  truly live! I wanna see you truly be who you are! AAAHHH! I don't want  my progeny who's coming, my unborn grandchildren and great-grandchildren  to live in this nightmare system these control freaks have created  where these wicked globalists are so threatened by human potential they  poison the water, the vaccines, the food to turn us into a bunch of  slugs, a bunch of lobotomized sloths so they can control us. It is a  crime, it is the most jealous, envious, greedy, hateful, sickening thing  the New World Order does and that's why I am so pleased to be committed  in the fight against them. That's why I don't care about my own life  except I wanna continue to live to fight them. That's why I don't have  fear. I only have fear of myself and my flesh and not being up to the  challenge! And I ask you to look in the mirror, and ask yourselves what  are you doing in this time of great challenge? What are you doing to  unlock minds? Once you unlock a mind, once you unlock somebody, then  they can unlock their soul. We can't unlock a soul, only God can do  that. But we can unlock minds. And once the mind is unlocked, once the  intellect is turned on, then comes the discernment, then comes the  awakening of the soul, then comes true enlightenment and empowerment. So  the globalists seek to make you a bunch of jealous, stunted, weak,  backstabbing, gibbering demons. All of us have the lower elements and  the higher. We must strive for the higher. Stay with us! Alex Jones: The "Justin Biebler" Rant, 21 February 2011.
"She sleeps in the same room with that creepy weirdo woman, Huma  Abedin who's mother wears a hood over her head and writes top articles  in the world, promoting cutting women's genitals off what the hell? That  woman, number ones ugly, and evil, but but imagine if your like "Oh  what does your mom do?" "Oh shes a top genital mutilation pusher, I'd be  like ewwww, get the hell away from me, yeah but Hillarys into like   creepy weird sick stuff man, just disgusting with flies all over her big  fat stinking. Imagine how bad she smells, man? I'm told her and Obama,  just stink, stink, stink, stink. You can't wash that evil off, man. Told  there's a rotten smell around Hillary. I'm not kidding, people say,  they say -- folks, I've been told this by high up folks. They say  listen, Obama and Hillary both smell like sulfur. I never said this  because the media will go crazy with it, but I've talked to people that  are in protective details, they're scared of her. And they say listen,  she's a frickin' demon and she stinks and so does Obama. I go, like  what? Sulfur. They smell like Hell. "Trump Ally Alex Jones: "I Was Told By People Around" Clinton That "She's Demon-Possessed", October 10, 2016
Said in a YouTube video posted on 4 November 2016, as quoted in "Alex Jones: ‘Hillary Clinton Has Personally Murdered And Chopped Up And Raped' Children" by Brian Tashman, Right Wing Watch (8 December 2016)
All across the world, humanity knows you’re the enemy. We’re  gonna get you assholes, just know that. It doesn’t mean we’re perfect  but we’re not out to screw women and children and hurt people. You  understand that, assholes? You hate humanity because you project your  own hatred of yourself on us, assholes. You want to kill us, how about  you die?! Kill your fucking selves you fucking globalists!… Fuck yeah,  fuck them! I’m sick of their shit, I don’t fucking care anymore! "Alex Jones' Profanity Laced Rant, Loses $5M. Response to Being Banned from AdRoll, Google!", Studious Dunce, February 21 2017
​​Most of the so-called liberal lesbians and all these groups,  they just want to have the guy with the duck's ass haircut and the James  Dean outfit. The truth is, James Dean wasn't slapping girls around, but  they want to be the ones slapping the girls around. And statistically,  it shows it. I'm not blaming all lesbians, but it shows that most of  these butch lesbians, they want to be the guy smacking the hot chick  around. They think that's manly. And a lot of the chicks, they like it.  See, because no man will do that to them. And I'm not saying it's good  if a man does that, but some women like it. And if they can't find a man  to smack them around, well they found them a girl going to do it real  good. Knock them upside their head, and have 50 Shades of Gray about the  sexy rich guy that's going to chain you up. Of course, you're going to  get chained up one time. They're going to put that devil mask or that  piggy mask on. They're going to say, "Now I'm going to torture you for  about six weeks, so start begging for your mommy and your daddy." That's  the liberals. They want to get you in a dungeon. They want to strap you  down and take a buzzsaw and cut the top of your head off like a pumpkin  and pull it off and get a little spoon and go -- when you're looking in  the mirror, this is one thing I know they like to do -- and they go,  I'm going to eat your brain now. Let's start -- let's start at the side  areas here, because we don't want to take away your sight at the back or  your thinking in the front. I'm going to eat your cerebral cortex last,  because I've got power. I love Satan, and I'm going to suck you dry,  and I'm going to torture you to death. "In graphic and abusive fantasy, Alex Jones says lesbians exist because they can't find men to torture them", The Alex Jones Show, November 30 2017.
Get your shirt off... it's pervert time! The Alex Jones Show, February 5, 2013.
I'm a pioneer, I'm an explorer, I'm a human, and I'm coming. I'm  animated, I'm alive, my heart's big, it's got hot blood going through  it fast. I like to fight, too! I like to eat! I like to have children!  I'm here! I've got a life force: This is a human, this is what we look  like, this is what we act like, this what everybody was like before us,  this is what I am, I'm a throwback. I'm here! I've got the fire of human  liberty! I'm setting fires everywhere, and humans are turning on  everywhere. The Alex Jones Show, "Alex Jones is a human", July 22, 2016
Donald Trump's Final Message to America The Alex Jones Show (Oct 18, 2016)
I see through your lies Barack Obama you WICKED WICKED DEVIL! Alex Jones 1/20/2009', 20 January 2009.
Alex Jones: The "Justin Biebler" Rant, 21 February 2011.
"Alex Jones Gay Bomb Rant", October 16 2015.
 1 Quotes  1.1 2006 1.2 2008 1.3 2009 1.4 2010 1.5 2011 1.6 2012 1.7 2013 1.8 2014 1.9 2015 1.10 2016 1.11 2017 1.12 2018 1.13 2019   2 Quotes about Alex Jones 3 External links 
The Alex Jones Show, "Alex Jones is a human", July 22, 2016
I came knocking on your door a million times, and you laughed at  me. You've been in love with something else your whole life, and this  is a love-affair. And so, I'm not gonna get in bed with you. Because you  don't love the spirit of justice. You loved your father, the Devil. You  loved death. More than life. So you go with your father forever. And  that's hell - separation from god. You go. The Alex Jones Show, "I Came Knocking On Your Door (Full Monologue)", 8 November 2016
You baby harvesting demon maggots! I'll never back down I'll  never bow to you, I'll be free till the day I stop sucking air into my  lungs. "The Alex Jones Show", Dec 8, 2015
"Trump sucking ding dong...better than WW3", The Alex Jones Show, April 14 2018.
The Alex Jones Show, "Alex Jones Will Save Humanity From Satan", March 17, 2016
If you are receiving this transmission, you are the resistance. The Alex Jones Show tagline
The Alex Jones Show, "The Age Of Men Has Returned", October 2016
The Alex Jones Show, "Alex Jones Destroys Bill O'Reilly For Demonizing The 2nd Amendment", June 22, 2016.
Chicken-neck weakness is like a god now. And being totally  passive, and being a huge jellyfish slacker who looks like a fried egg  in a chair. That is the culture of this, okay? The worship of being  destroyed. Literally, I've now discovered the secrets of it. ... And  everyone's wearing like pink and little green non-threatening, you know,  colors, and this is what we face. This is what men look like now, on  average. In fact, I used to bash men who were all into being big and  muscular with tattoos and black on and going "raagh", now I get it! You  don't wanna be like these people! Okay? I used to get mad at guys trying  to act tough—no, no! That's good! Do that! In fact, I think I'm gonna  just go all out with cut-off sleeves and drive a big fast car and be  like "graagh", 'cause I mean I'm starting to get it! Men are running to  that, because they see the armies... literally men in pastels... Now  there's men everywhere wearing dresses, I'm telling you! It's like,  they're just like "New World Order, slaughter me, please!" And the New  World Order is like "Act like a jellyfish coward and giggle at all  reality", and they're like "Yes, yes!" "Alex Jones: I'm So Trendy Rant!" March 2012.
It is surreal to talk about issues, here on air, and then word-for-word hear Trump say it two days later. The Alex Jones Show, 11 August 2016.
You want a war? You better believe you got one! "Alex Jones EPIC Anti-Globalist Rant", IncorporatedOps, February 13, 2017
I'm angry. I've had enough of these people. They're a bunch of  Christian murdering scum that run giant death factories, keeping babies  alive, and selling their body parts. What more do you need to know about  these people, I go out and face these these scum, they literally crawl  out from under rocks, they have green looking skin or they're black or  white doesn't matter and they run around screaming we love Satan ... we  want to eat babies. I have them on video at the Texas State House just  women randomly going hail Satan and praising Satan. As quoted in "Alex Jones Rants On ‘Islamic Sleeper Cell’ Obama And Baby Eating" by Isabel Carter-Kahn, Rightwingwatch.org (8 December 2015) (video)
"In graphic and abusive fantasy, Alex Jones says lesbians exist because they can't find men to torture them", The Alex Jones Show, November 30 2017.
"Alex Jones BREAK THE CONDITIONING NOW!!!", The Alex Jones Show, October 11, 2016.
But just look at [Brian] Stelter again. Put him on screen. I  think that's all the broadcast should be, is just a photo of Stelter  smiling. Ugh. Ugh. Oh my gosh. Oh, hell on earth. He wants to run your  life. He wants to control every aspect of your life because he knows he  is a cowardly degenerate sack of anti-human trash. I pledge before my  heavenly father that I will resist them every way I can. These people  are the literal demon spawn of the pit of hell. Look at him. And you  know what, he is better than you if you keep letting him run your life.  He runs your kids, he runs the schools, he runs the banks. This guy,  this spirit, this smiling, leering devil that thinks you can’t see what  he is. He is your enemy. Period. All the narcissistic devil-worshiping  filth. I see you enemy. I see you enemy. Enemy. Enemy. You are my enemy.  And I swear total resistance to you with everything I’ve got.  Disingenuous, fake, false, brokeback, twisted, a defiler, a betrayer, a  back stabber, a devil. You will pay. Yeah, you don’t think I see your  face, scum? You don’t think I don’t see you, Stelter? I see you, you  understand me? I know what you think of me and my family. I see you  right back. You understand that? You understand that, Stelter? [Grunting  noises] Stelter. You will fall. You will not bring humanity down. God  is going to destroy you. Get him off the screen. [Crying] Oh, God,  they’re so evil. Just please God, free us from them. They’re drunk on  our children's blood for God's sake. Alex Jones claims Brian Stelter “runs your kids, he runs the schools, he runs the banks” and is “drunk on our children's blood, The Alex Jones Show, January 5 2018
"Alex Jones to Alec Baldwin: I Will Break Your Jaw In Seconds", The Alex Jones Show, March 13 2017.
The Alex Jones Show, April 20, 2013.
The Alex Jones Show, "What Do I Do Lord? Destroy The Child! Corrupt Them All!", June 2016.
You think when you call up, “Oh we’ll protect you. We found the  child porn.” I like women with big giant tits and big asses. I don’t  like kids like you goddamn rapists. Eff-heads. In fact, delete this: You  fucks are going to get it. You fucking child molesters. I’ll fucking  get you in the end. You fucks. Now, we’re done right there. I know I, I  know, I should have deleted it on radio. Probably still went out. I  don’t care. You’re trying to set me up with child porn, i'm gonna get  your ass. One million dollars, one million dollars, you little gang  members. One million dollars to put your head on a pike. One million  dollars, bitch. I’m gonna get your ass, you understand me now? You’re  not going to ever defeat Texas, you sacks of shit, so you get ready for  that…….And then now magically they want metadata out of hundreds of  thousands of emails they got, and they know right where to go. What a  nice group of Democrats. How surprising. What nice people. Chris Mattei.  Chris Mattei. Let’s zoom in on Chris Mattei. Oh, nice little  Chris—[pounds picture of Attorney Mattei’s face with fist]—Mattei. What a  good American. What a good boy. You think you’ll put on me, what—[under  his breath] I’m gonna kill . . . [growls]. Anyway, I’m done! Total war!  You want it, you got it! I’m not into kids like your Democratic party,  you cocksuckers! So get ready! Alex Jones Setup With Child Porn In Sandy Hook Case, Offers Reward The Alex Jones Show, June 14, 2019
How about Prozac? ... The U.S. number one cause of [unnatural]  death is suicide now because they give people suicide mass murder pills.  ... I want to get people off pills that the insert says will make you  commit suicide and kill people! I want to blame the real culprit—suicide  pills! Mass murder pills! Alex Jones on Piers Morgan Tonight, CNN, 7 January 2013.
Alex Jones Describes the Future, The Alex Jones Show, February 8, 2017.
Donald Trump on The Alex Jones Show (December 2015)
I never expected Trump charging into a goblin’s nest to not get  some goblin vomit and schlop and blood on him. I just don’t want to  catch him in bed with a goblin. But if he’s in there rolling around  hacking ‘em up and he’s got a goblin guide, y’know, taking him into the  cave, I’m not expecting him to not get dirty, especially up to his  ankles. I don't want to see him kissing goblins, having political  succubus with goblins, I don't want to see him ingratiating goblins..." As quoted in "Alex Jones Is Very Worried About Donald Trump Fucking “Goblins”" by Hudson Hongo, Gawker.com (28 June 2016) (video)
The Alex Jones Show, 9 January 2009.
I'm like a chimpanzee, in a tree, jumping up and down, warning  other chimpanzees when I see a big cat coming through the woods... I'm  the weirdo? Because I'm sitting in a tree going "OOH OOH AAH AAH AAH OOH  AAH AAH OOH OOH OOH AAH AAH AAH AAH AAH!"? "Internet Wars Between TYT and Alex Jones", The Young Turks, 18 December 2009.
 1.1 2006 1.2 2008 1.3 2009 1.4 2010 1.5 2011 1.6 2012 1.7 2013 1.8 2014 1.9 2015 1.10 2016 1.11 2017 1.12 2018 1.13 2019 
Do you know what goes on at Skull & Bones? I have a family  audience, so I can’t say it. They have sexual rituals– some of the most  ancient Egyptian rituals– where they believe they are possessed by  entities. Basically, space aliens. "John Kerry had sex in coffins hundreds of times in Satanic ritual", September 2013
Parasites will be crushed I can taste your weakness crushing crushing crushing. "Give Us Stalin",  28 July 2014.
HuAHHHHHHHH MURDER AFRICA! INVASION FORCE! RELEASE US! "Alex Jones: I'm So Trendy Rant!" March 2012.
"Joe Rogan Experience #911 - Alex Jones & Eddie Bravo", The Joe Rogan Experience, February 1, 2017
God fucking damn it, man. What the fuck? Is there nobody fucking  pure in this goddamn fucking world? See, I’m fucking pissed right now.  Syria fought Al Qaeda, they fought ISIS, they fought it all, and now  you’ve got [James] Mattis and fucking all these people shitting all over  us. "ALEX JONES SAYS FUCK TRUMP FOR SYRIA MISSILE STRIKES", The Alex Jones Show, April 13 2018.
You're supposed to get on your knees at midnight or in the early  morning and tell God you repent on things you've done. You don't tell  in a football stadium, “Mainstream media: you're my God, I am bad, tell  me what to do.” That is sick.They're kneeling to political correctness  and hating white people. They're kneeling to white genocide --- and then  I don't want anybody to be genocided (sic). But everywhere it's: “Kill  the whites, kill the whites.” The universities: “No whites can come on  campus.” It's a bunch of weird white people going, “We need to kill all  the white people.” Just everywhere. Hillary: “We lost because of white  people.” It's the most racist, weird, anti-Martin Luther King crap I've  ever heard. Martin Luther King  would say, “You people are crazy.” Alex Jones: Protesting NFL players are “kneeling to white genocide"Media  Matters  for America"(26 September 2017)
"What Is Hitler? What Is Stalin? What Is Mao? What is Venezuela?", The Alex Jones Show, December 2017.
Alex Jones: "I'm going to sue your ass into hell, GET READY!", The Alex Jones Show, February 21 2017
Alex Jones 1/20/2009', 20 January 2009.
God! These people are so evil! Why can’t America wake up and beat ‘em! Donald Trump’s  not perfect but he doesn’t wanna hurt you and your family. “Hillary and  Obama want to make you poor and pathetic! We have all their white  papers! “They hate you! They hate prosperity! They hate God! They hate  children! And god damn them to hell! We’re going to find the lever to  beat these people, and they’re gonna be beat! Look at her shark face!  Having to look at her with her demon face! [shouts] That’s a freakin’  demon! [shouting] “We’re gonna have President Linda Blair people!  [screams] And I’m not gonna go along with it!” "Alex Jones Issues a Warning", The Alex Jones Show, November 28, 2016.
Alex Jones on Piers Morgan Tonight debating gun control, CNN, 7 January 2013 (video).
Millions are pouring in people, of the very worst type that kill  each other. Do you understand it’s an attack? It’s red level! It  doesn’t matter now. You’ve got to choose sides at this point. The  globalists have overrun us,” As quoted in "Alex Jones Melts Globalists over Terror: Mind-Controlled Media Sacrificing the West for Islam" by Rebecca Mansour, Breitbart.com (21 September 2016) (video)
Sometimes the vulgoth, the vulgar, the barbarian way is the way  to say it... I want to say something, I'm a lover. And that's why I'm a  fighter. And I love my family and I love justice so much I'm willing to  do whatever it takes to stop you. And I hate your stinking guts, I can  smell you from a thousand miles away, and you smell like failure, you  smell like hell, and I want to thank the God of the Universe that I'm  not with these people I, oh, I get tears in my eyes to GOD that I'm  thankful everyday that I don't come from filth like you that want to  trample on humanity, thank God I'm not a degenerate filthy vampire like  you. And I guess in the final equation, as upset as I get watching you  hurt the innocent; that's what matters is that you'll never, defeat the  human spirit! You'll never defeat God! You'll never win! Never! Never  Ever! Never! And the spirit of humanity is rising and it is gonna defeat  you. You think you're strong? You think you're scary? You try to mimic  what you can only imagine in your mind is God's Wrath and God's Wrath  coming for you and you deserve everything that happens to you trash...  ...the reason the enemy's so mad is he knows he's a loser... ...But God  gave us free will and this animating contest! And this is where we get  tested, so rejoice to God almighty for this animating contest of  liberty! Aaaaaaggnngghhhuuugghhh. The Alex Jones Show, "You'll Never Defeat the Human Spirit", August 13, 2016
Question Your Reality, 11 February 2008.
In fact, let me say this right now. Let me tell -- I’m not  against gay people. OK. I love them, they’re great folks. But Schiff  looks like the archetypal cocksucker with those little  deer-in-the-headlight eyes and all his stuff. And there’s something  about this fairy, hopping around, bossing everybody around, trying to  intimidate people like me and you, I want to tell Congressman Schiff and  all the rest of them, “Hey listen asshole, quit saying Roger and I” --  and I’ve never used cussing in 22 years but the gloves are off --  “listen you son of a bitch, what the fuck’s your problem? You want to  sit here and say that I’m a goddamn, fucking Russian. You get in my face  with that I’ll beat your goddamn ass, you son of a bitch. You piece of  shit. You fucking goddamn fucker. Listen fuckhead, you have fucking  crossed a line. Get that through your goddamn fucking head. Stop pushing  your shit. You’re the people that have fucked this country over and  gangraped the shit out of it and lost an election. So stop shooting your  mouth off claiming I’m the enemy. You got that you goddamn son of a  bitch? Fill your hand.” I’m sorry, but I’m done. You start calling me a  foreign agent, those are fucking fighting words. Excuse me. Said in a YouTube video posted on 30 March 2017, as quoted in Trump Ally Alex Jones Threatens To “Beat” Rep. Adam Schiff’s “Goddamn Ass” In Anti-Gay Tirade by MEDIA MATTERS STAFF, Media Matters (4 April 2016)
Jones I m Against Regime Change In Venezuela The Alex Jones Show, Feb 22, 2019
Said in a YouTube video posted on 30 March 2017, as quoted in Trump Ally Alex Jones Threatens To “Beat” Rep. Adam Schiff’s “Goddamn Ass” In Anti-Gay Tirade by MEDIA MATTERS STAFF, Media Matters (4 April 2016)
We’re going to return the republic. We’ll never be perfect but  my God we’re not going to keep babies alive and harvest their organs.  We’re not going to sell their parts for women’s cosmetics. We’re not  gonna have Pepsi with baby flavoring in it.  I mean what the Hell have  we become. Excuse me but I'm tired of it. As quoted in "Alex Jones Rants On ‘Islamic Sleeper Cell’ Obama And Baby Eating" by Isabel Carter-Kahn, Rightwingwatch.org (8 December 2015) (video)
"Alex Jones Swearing/Ranting Compilation", The Alex Jones Show, January 13, 2017.
You God damned cowardly pieces of chicken neck filth. I'm going to sue your ass into hell, get ready!" Alex Jones: "I'm going to sue your ass into hell, GET READY!", The Alex Jones Show, February 21 2017
Ben Shapiro is the herpes on our ass. Alex Jones Annihilates Ben Shapiro, The Alex Jones Show, May 3 2018.
Your reputation is amazing. I will not let you down. Donald Trump on The Alex Jones Show (December 2015)
"The Night Where Alex Jones Said Fuck Trump", The Alex Jones Show, April 13 2018.
They said if you just turn against Trump it would be better, but  he was doing good, and that's what makes it so bad... If he had been a  piece a crap from the beginning, it wouldn't be so bad. But we made so  many sacrifices. And now he's crapping all over us. The Alex Jones Show, 13 April 2018; quoted in "Watch Alex Jones cry over Trump's decision to bomb Syria" by Christine Friar, The Daily Dot (14 April 2018).
These are people that had gay sex hundreds of times in coffins, begging for spiritual entities to possess them. "John Kerry had sex in coffins hundreds of times in Satanic ritual", September 2013
What is that joke? What is that? What IS that? What is Hitler?  What is Stalin? What is Mao? What is ALL this stuff? What is Venezuela? "What Is Hitler? What Is Stalin? What Is Mao? What is Venezuela?", The Alex Jones Show, December 2017.
"There's no video of president Trump sucking a ding dong. And so  what if there was, that's a lot better than World War III Owen. I never  sucked any ding dongs, but I'll tell ya if they were going to black  mail me to start World War III about one, I'd say hey, I sucked a ball  golf ball through a frickin garden hose! "Trump sucking ding dong...better than WW3", The Alex Jones Show, April 14 2018.
The Alex Jones Show, June 2010.
Alex Jones on Piers Morgan Tonight, CNN, 7 January 2013.
The Alex Jones Show tagline
The animated contest of liberty is waiting for you, but you’ve  got to take it in your hands. You’ve got to have a will to accept the  truth and buck the system and the group collective. Do that and you’ll  earn your way to the next level. This is the info war. Donald Trump's Final Message to America The Alex Jones Show (Oct 18, 2016)
[in a British accent] Oh, they're so royal! We're lucky  to have them coming here. But the rabble undoubtedly will be violent.  Scum protesters– Oh, these insane people imagining the helicopters  landing and the troops– these insane schizophrenics have come to town.  The rabble– I'm so glad– thank God we're elite enough to have them  though. I'm so honored. [switches to Cockney accent] Get back  there mate! I'll have to have you arrested and have you deported! We're  protecting criminals inside, busy stealing our pension funds and  overrunning the country with third world populations. Now get back, you  Yankee scum! HA HA! To show you the power of the Royal Guard Brigade!  And this is the scotch we've been coughing down! Look at that  pumpkin-headed Yank! That's the one, Alex Jones! I want you to know,  young man, we will be watching you continually while we protect the  Transhumanists putting cancer viruses in our children's shots! "Alex Jones English British Accent imitates Police", The Alex Jones Show, 13 May 2013.
Hey listen, I'm here to warn people, you keep telling me to shut  up! This isn't a game! Okay? Our government, the US, is building FEMA camps. We have an NDAA  where they disappear people now. You have this "arrest for public  safety", life in prison. It's basically off with their heads, disappear  'em, take 'em away. Infowars dot com. Liberty is rising. Liberty is  rising! Freedom will not stop! You will not stop freedom! You will not  stop the Republic! Humanity is awakening! Infowars dot com! No, you guys  are crazy, thinking that the public's too stupid! You're crazy,  thinking the public doesn't know! You're crazy, thinking the public  isn't waking up! BBC's Sunday Politics, 9 June 2013.
Yes, our kids belong to you, boys are out of Boy Scouts, no more  father and mother, yes, yes, yes. Whatever you say, Hillary. Whatever  you say Pelosi. Whatever you say Shapiro. Yes, Mr. Shapiro. Oh god  you're so manly! That face you make, you scare me! God Almighty, you  might tear my arm out of my socket! You might skull annihilate me,  you're powerful! You've got the manhood I want, Shapiro! Sorry, go  ahead, Rodger. Roger! Shapiro's too powerful! Alex Jones Annihilates Ben Shapiro, The Alex Jones Show, May 3 2018. (in  Bernie Sanders  voice) I bankrupt stuff, I live  in three  millon dollar houses drive  hundred thousand dollar cars And www-white  people ddon't know what  is like to be poor!Look at me, I have Einstein  looking hair!Its called a  gimmick! [ It's Called a Gimmick!} I'm ready to kill people, I'm sick of this. Not literally. The point  is I'm getting sick of this crap. Let's just give all our kids to the  child molesters, goddammit! Excuse me. You know, I'm not saying Lord's  name in vain, I want these people damned to hell! I'm literally praying,  God, damn them to Hell! That's not the Lord's name in vain! I mean  that! I don't take God in vain [sic] but we ought to have a prayer  called the Goddamnit Prayer! God damn them to hell, please! You think Charlton Heston  in Planet of the Apes, when he realizes this is Earth and all his  family died 10,000 years before and he's come back through a wormhole,  and everybody he knows is dead and he's saying, God damn them to Hell!  You bastards! You blew it all up! God damn you! He's not taking lords  name in vein! He's saying God damn them! God damn them! God damn them!  God fucking damn them to Hell! Alex Jones: I'm Ready to Kill People, Not Literally, The Alex Jones Show, December 13 2018.
"Alex Jones Gets Into a Fight and Gets His Microphone Stolen",  May 21st, 2015
I grew up in Dallas, Texas, drinking sodium fluoridated water.  All the scientific studies show my IQ has been reduced by at least 20  points. The shadow of who I would have been calls out from the grave. Question Your Reality, 11 February 2008.
Alex Jones Annihilates Ben Shapiro, The Alex Jones Show, May 3 2018.
I tell you we're gonna get people awake to you you bastards and  we're coming for ya we're coming straight for ya and you know it that's  why you're so scared that's why you're moving so fast now, and you just  better keep doing that dance, cuz you can feel that flame of rebellion  starting to lap up and lick right up there oh yeah oh boy. Alex's Bill Gates Chicken-Neck Bastard 'Rant', September 2011.
A coup de grâce. a götterdämmerung battle. oh its a twilight of  the gods alright, these would-be gods of the new world order. they're no  gods at all. ragnarök. Alex Jones Clip Compilation, November 23, 2016
Fuck you, Zuckerberg! Fuck you! "Alex Jones' Profanity Laced Rant, Loses $5M. Response to Being Banned from AdRoll, Google!", Studious Dunce, February 21 2017
Alex Jones Clip Compilation, November 23, 2016
The Alex Jones Show, "You'll Never Defeat the Human Spirit", August 13, 2016
It's the same story, over and over again! The same dependency,  the same slugism, that we see mirrored all around us. Hated by the  people, we build! Hated by the people we empower! Hated by the people  we've given life to! How do you think God feels!?...they they think  they're all in competition with me and all this crap. I'm not in  competition with any of you people! I'm in competition with the Devil!  I'm in a death battle! And now you see the enemy say they'rein a death  battle, they know they're in a death battle, only the spirit, of knowing  you're in a death battle will have you win! I don't know how all this  is gonna end, but like I've told 'em a thousand times, you wanna fight,  better believe you got one. You want to enslave my spirit, no! And I'll  call on God to protect me, and use me however God sees fit. And if I'm  destroyed my whole family with it, I don't blame God. I blame the  stinkin' trash. Who will pay. Now. And the devil that deceived them was  cast into the lake of fire and brimstone where the beast and the false  prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night forever and ever.  Tormented by their own spirit.﻿ "Alex Jones is in a Death Battle", The Alex Jones Show, January 29, 2017.
The Alex Jones Show, "HILLARY CLINTON IS A GOD DAMN DEMON", June 2016.
"Alex Jones Calls Out George Stephanopoulos and the MSM", The Alex Jones Show, November 11, 2016.
above, continued
"John Kerry had sex in coffins hundreds of times in Satanic ritual", September 2013
I'm never a lesser of two evils person, but with Hillary,  there's not even the same universe. She is an abject, psychopathic,  demon from Hell that as soon as she gets into power is going to try to  destroy the planet. I'm sure of that, and people around her say she's so  dark now, and so evil, and so possessed that they are having  nightmares, they're freaking out. Folks let me just tell you something,  and if media wants to go with this, that's fine. There are dozens of  videos and photos of Obama  having flies land on him, indoors, at all times of year, and he'll be  next to a hundred people and no one has flies on them. Hillary,  reportedly, I mean, I was told by people around her that they think  she's demon-possessed, okay? I'm just going to go ahead and say it,  okay? They said that they're scared. That's why when I see her when kids  are by her, I actually get scared myself, with a child -- with that big  rubber face and that -- I mean this woman is dangerous, ladies and  gentleman. I'm telling you, she is a demon. This is Biblical. She's  going to launch a nuclear war. The Russians are scared of her. "Trump Ally Alex Jones: "I Was Told By People Around" Clinton That "She's Demon-Possessed", October 10, 2016
We're turning into a bunch of self-centered walking dead trash  ,,, and we're such zombies! We're such self-centered crap that we don't  even notice Hell itself rising up against us. "we don't even notice hell itself rising up against us", The Alex Jones Show, January 28, 2017.
I'm telling you folks, nerds are one of the most dangerous  groups in this country, because they end up running things. But they  still hate everybody, because they weren't the jocks in high school. So  they play little dirty games on everybody. They use their brains to hurt  people. And I'm aware of them. OK? I see you, you little rats! The Alex Jones Show, April 20, 2013.
All I know is, whether they're interdimensional demons, whatever  they are-... Let's just say that's an allegory, all I know is it's the  same thing. Psychopaths operate, they're not human, I don't like them.  Okay?! And my very humanity just is like *Raaaaaaa take em on, you wanna  fight? You're gonna get one-* .. You.. You inhuman soulless pieces of  trash. I see you real good. And I know our species is stronger than you  and better than you, we're gonna beat your ass. Get that through your  head. The Alex Jones Show, "HILLARY CLINTON IS A GOD DAMN DEMON", June 2016.
As quoted in "Alex Jones Melts Globalists over Terror: Mind-Controlled Media Sacrificing the West for Islam" by Rebecca Mansour, Breitbart.com (21 September 2016) (video)
"ALL YOU SCUMBAG PEDOS — YOU WANNA FIGHT!? GET READY, YOU’RE GONNA GET IT ASSHOLES!", NoWorldOrder.com, February 21 2017
Listen bitches, you may force feed Eddie Bravo a bunch of CNN - Fox News shit every morning, but you're fucking getting The Joe Rogan experience up your fucking ass. "Joe Rogan Experience #911 - Alex Jones & Eddie Bravo", The Joe Rogan Experience, February 1, 2017
Alex Jones: Protesting NFL players are “kneeling to white genocide"Media  Matters  for America"(26 September 2017)
The West is only a destabilization program right now. We aren’t  to that point yet, but in Sweden and Germany and France they’re putting  ads on saying, “You are demoralized. You are dead. You are over. Give up  to the hijab. Give up to Muhammad and Allah! Allah Akbar! We’re gonna  stab your daughter at the mall! We’re gonna to stab your wife, your son,  we’re gonna stab you with a butcher knife!” And then the police chief  is going to get up and say, “We love our Somalis. We love our Muslims.  Oh they’re so good. Oh they’re so sweet.” As quoted in "Alex Jones Melts Globalists over Terror: Mind-Controlled Media Sacrificing the West for Islam" by Rebecca Mansour, Breitbart.com (21 September 2016) (video)
The Alex Jones Show, "I Came Knocking On Your Door (Full Monologue)", 8 November 2016
Imagine you live in a world that's totally plastic. Who are your  enemies, if you're evil? The Patriots. We are the future. We are the  leaders. We are 1776! We are those that were given the mantle and the  birthright by George freakin Washington and Thomas Jefferson. They've taught you to not know who they are, or hate them. No, they were renowned around the world. George Washington  for weeks had dysentery and lost about a third of his weight and  climbed around in freezing ice with his men where they would go on  marches at night and they'd lose 10-15 people just in one battalion  freezing to death to at dawn battle the Germans three to one in places  like Trenton, in 30 below temperatures and 20+ mile marches, in the  dark, with men dying all around them, and George Washington, with  diarrhea running out of his pants, on top of that horse, marching to  kick ass! marching not to give up! Taking action! That's who we come  from! And we let all these hunchback scum rule us - I will never submit  to you! And the human spirit is rising! You will not turn us into  animals! You will not poison us anymore! - You will not kill us! Our  spirit transcends all you've done to us! The Alex Jones Show, "The Greatness Of George Washington", Mach 2, 2016
As quoted in "Alex Jones Is Very Worried About Donald Trump Fucking “Goblins”" by Hudson Hongo, Gawker.com (28 June 2016) (video)
Alex Jones's channel on YouTube
The reason there are so many gay people now is because it's a  chemical warfare operation. I have the government documents where they  said they're going to encourage homosexuality with chemicals so people  don't have children. The Alex Jones Show, June 2010.
Hitler took the guns. Stalin took the guns. Mao took the guns. You know, 'political power grows out of the barrel of a gun.'  And then if another crazy person everybody knew was going to attack  goes and kills some people and then I'm to blame and all gun owners are  to blame? Well, if somebody runs somebody with a car are they all to  blame? Or somebody with a baseball bat? This is common sense and you've  got a young high school senior teenager cussing to get attention to pull  a stunt but none of use are supposed to talk about it because if you  respond to him calling you a piece of this or a piece of that or his  cohorts calling Dana Loesch a murderer and people are chanting 'burn her', well then you're a bully. That's why CNN  wants to use this to kill the First Amendment, not just the Second  Amendment! You have YouTube banning videos with guns, with citizens  having guns or showing guns, but Hollywood and the video game makers can  show all the guns they want. This is an incredibly discriminatory  system! "Antigun Activist David Hogg Attacks Infowars For Gay Frogs", The Alex Jones Show, March 2018.
And now they love it, they can abuse and beat up everybody and  nobody can stop 'em. Nobody can stop 'em! They're having their way with  America! They want our guns! And if you're not with 'em cops and  military, then you will declare that you are with the Republic now. And  don't tell me that I'm a weirdo 'cause I'm upset about this, and I  should only go get upset about my favorite football team winning or  losing. Listen, I know what tyranny means, I know the bankers are  putting poison in our food and water. I know the bankers have stolen 8.5  trillion. I know we're under the War Powers Act. I know they're hurting  us, I know they're carrying out New Word Order, I know they staged  those terror attacks. You know what it's like to gut up to this and go  out every day and go past the peer pressure and come out day one and say  9/11 was an inside job and lose most of the radio stations I was on?  You know what it's like to go to sleep every night knowing you work for a  bunch of psychotic killers, and you bastards are probably gonna end up  killing me one day?! You know what it's like knowing you've ruined my  life?! You know what it's like, you sons of bitches?! I'm tired of your  crap! You commit evil, you're part of an evil system, and we're standing  up against you! And the Republic is going to defeat you in the end!  Some of us won't make it personally through this, but a lot of us are.  And in the end you are gonna be brought to justice for all the kids you  kidnapped for CPS,  all you CPS workers, all you corrupt bureaucrats, all of you that've  had your way with innocent children over and over again, who think your  evil is invincible, you're not invincible and God is gonna deal with  you, and you are cursed to hell! The Alex Jones Show, 9 January 2009.
I believe from history and my own gut, instinct, that if I go  ahead and lay it all out here, what we're really facing, you've got  courage and you've got will, and you're gonna get angry and stop caring.  It begins with not caring about what your slack-jawed knuckle-dragging  cowardly pseudo tough-guy football-watching neighbor thinks. Okay?  That's where it begins. It begins with not caring what happens to your  individual person. And when you have that attitude, when you have that  attitude, then the enemy doesn't have anything over you anymore. Stop  being gelded domesticated garbage. Stop being weak! And when you see a  threat coming down on you, deal with it! Become a human again! Stop  being weak! We have a bunch of criminals coming down on us. God, ugh!  Murdering scum. I wanna get humanity awake. I wanna get our forces up.  And I wanna bring these people to justice. And you know what I mean. You  know what I mean! I wanna unleash humanity, not have a bunch of con  artist pot-bellied chicken-neck pieces of garbage running our world!  More importantly they act like effeminate cowardly chicken necks cuz  they want to train you to act like that they want to train you to be  weak they want to train you. That's a nasty taste coming up in my mouth.  Tastin' those globalists. I can taste their fear and their weakness. I  taste metal, I taste blood. Alex's Bill Gates Chicken-Neck Bastard 'Rant', September 2011.
"Alex Jones Screams That Globalists Want To Murder The Midwest", The Alex Jones Show, April 4 2018.
I'm civilized, I don't take a crap in the pool. "Alex Jones Swearing/Ranting Compilation", The Alex Jones Show, January 13, 2017.
As giant third world hordes just pour in, raping everyone just  reaghhhhhh, reaghhhh! Just sexualizing our children, ruling everything,  debasing the currency, drugging the food and water giving everyone  cancer and just dancing to their god of death, selling body parts,  chopping up babies that battle the scalpel. I mean it's just... it's  just on Hell on Earth, the gates are opening. And out will flood the  armies... Alex Jones Describes the Future, The Alex Jones Show, February 8, 2017.
Hitler took the guns, Stalin took the guns, Mao took the guns, Fidel Castro took the guns, Hugo Chávez took the guns. And I am here to tell you, 1776 will commence again if you try to take our firearms!  It doesn't matter how many lemmings you get out there on the street  begging for them to have their guns taken; we will not relinquish them,  do you understand? That's why you're going to fail, and the  establishment knows, no matter how much propaganda, the Republic will  rise again when you attempt to take our guns! Alex Jones on Piers Morgan Tonight debating gun control, CNN, 7 January 2013 (video).
Whatever they do to me, I'm a man. I'm not sittin' up here like  I'm the biggest badass around, but you punch me and I'ma punch back  (subdued snarling). And I can sit back and tell you my family name is  secured, and I've done the job I'm supposed to do. It's not some power  trip, it's just who I am. I look at Stephanopoulos and all these sacks  of shit, sittin' there telling us they're gonna leave the country.  Listen you son of a bitch. You're scared this country's gon' throw your  carpetbaggin' ass out. I see you, you little bloodthirsty maggot.  Whatever happens to me I just pray to God you get brought real low. Real  low. For what you've done you little son of a bitch. So you understand  one thing. There's a real world out there. There's a real God there's a  real Devil. For every action there's an equal and opposite reaction. And  I want all the little men to know somethin'. You were brought up as  pieces of shit. And you thought you could dominate everybody 'cause you  were so insecure. And you thought people that were better than you were  bad because they were better than you, and they were building a stairway  to heaven for you. And so now you've started fights with people, that  are gonna break every bone in your body. So when you have metaphysically  have had you sternum broken and your ribs broken, and your little  neck... Strung up. You remember. You ran into real men. And we kicked  your ass. "Alex Jones Calls Out George Stephanopoulos and the MSM", The Alex Jones Show, November 11, 2016.
"Alex Jones: I'm So Trendy Rant!" March 2012.
A lot of the wars, a lot of the stuff happening in the Middle  East, is because of the Israeli lobby, one of the most powerful in the  United States, and they they brag about this.It's called a  conspiracy theory here in the US, but they've bought off a lot of the  preachers to go spout this stuff, that's public.They have bragged,  Erol Sharone bragged that they own our congress. They have bragged and  then Haaratz and Jerusalem Post will jump up and down and say that the  US has got to do more to attack Iran and go into these other countries.Y'know  folks always think that "well, they blew up the World Trace Centers to  get the seven billion in insurance money" or "they did it to get the  oil" or "they did it to be able to invade the middle east" or "did they  it for weapons sales" or "they did it for opium" or "they did it for  Israel".It's ALL those reasons.The New World Order doesn't do  something unless the cost-benefit analysis, it helps ALL of their major  operations, and this is what it really comes down to in the final  equation.The people destroying America are the ones who got us into this foreign war.It  has nothing to do with patriotism, you're destroying yourself, and  Israel's very corrupt, does a lot of horrible things, they're very  oppressive to their own people. Alex Jones Show
"Alex Jones is in a Death Battle", The Alex Jones Show, January 29, 2017.
Do you think I’d roll over and spray crap out my ass and show my  belly and piss on myself and bow down to you? You just summoned war. So  get ready. And I’m just asking the Pentagon and the patriots that are  left and 4Chan and 8Chan and Anonymous and anybody that’s a patriot. I  am under attack. And if they bring me down, they’ll bring you down. I  just have faith in you. I’m under attack. And I summon the meme war, I  summon it all against the enemy. I will never sell out to these people. Alex Jones Setup With Child Porn In Sandy Hook Case, Offers Reward The Alex Jones Show, June 14, 2019
And you've got a lot of people sayin' lets not topple the  dictatorship in Venezuela even though it threatened the US and other  countries and is collapsing and the people are begging don't do it and I  tend  not to want regime change where we overthrow some ally like Egypt  and put someone like ISIS or Al Qaeda in? Or do we stand by and let an  thousand plus people starve and cause a collapse into the US border  which the UN is helping to foment. That's a real territorial threat.  That's a real national emergency. That's first year geopolitics for you  here is where I may be right- I may not want intervention in Venezuela. Jones I m Against Regime Change In Venezuela The Alex Jones Show, Feb 22, 2019
"Alex Jones Self-Defense Rant", July 2013.
"Alex Jones Issues a Warning", The Alex Jones Show, November 28, 2016.
Alex Jones claims Brian Stelter “runs your kids, he runs the schools, he runs the banks” and is “drunk on our children's blood, The Alex Jones Show, January 5 2018
"Give Us Stalin",  28 July 2014.
"The Alex Jones Show", Dec 8, 2015
Sandy Hook is a synthetic completely fake with actors, in my  view, manufactured. I couldn't believe it at first. I knew they had  actors there, clearly, but I thought they killed some real kids. And it  just shows how bold they are, that they clearly used actors. This video, posted by RWW Blogs -  and posted on their site:  by Brian Tashman, Right Wing Watch (8 December 2016)
I just get flippant and angry but it's because deep down folks, I  can see what they're doing and I have we have a responsibility to stop  these globalists. Where are the men in this country? Where are the men  in this world? What the hell have we become? We just offer our children  up to the system with the fluoride in the water and the GMO hurting em.  And we let fat perverts grab them at the airport to train them for the  pedophile government. And we've just got such a sick society. Alex Jones Breaks Down and Cries, Dec 26, 2011
"Alex Jones' Profanity Laced Rant, Loses $5M. Response to Being Banned from AdRoll, Google!", Studious Dunce, February 21 2017
We have scored a direct stab in those sons of bitches' hearts!  We gotta 'er keep runnin' the knife in though folks, gotta keep runnin'  it in there, not worrying if they're doing dodges just raarrrgghh!. You  want the fight!? You're getting it! You wanted to overrun us, and poison  us, and take our families, and kill us!? You will die, not us! You  anti-human crap! The Alex Jones Show, "The Age Of Men Has Returned", October 2016
I like women, not men! And if I liked men, I’d be proud of it  and have a lot of em. But I ain’t never been in bed with no man. I’ve  been in bed with probably 300 women. "Trump sucking ding dong...better than WW3", The Alex Jones Show, April 14 2018.
I don't wanna swim around in your piss. I go to the bathroom to piss. "Alex Jones Swearing/Ranting Compilation", The Alex Jones Show, January 13, 2017.
The total arrogance with a shit-eating grin of a  pseudo-intellectual constitutional rapist. This man is literally  mounting America, raping it in the ass, and telling us how great he is. George Will  you area discredited fop. Put down your thesaurus look in the mirror,  realize you're a traitor, and do the right thing, and put a .357 Magnum  to your head, and blow what's little left of your brains all over  yourself, OK? You traitor, you Benedict Arnold, you piece of filth. The Alex Jones Show. May 3, 2016
The Alex Jones Show. May 3, 2016
Let me tell all the scum and all the leftists: you’re going to  lose all of your jobs soon. The whole mainstream media is dying. We’re  going to be in a huge Depression. You’re going to be living in your  mothers’ basements. And I hope your little fake liberal culture you’ve  got that’s totally fascist and Satanic — I hope it keeps you warm at  night because that’s all you’re going to have, and it’s all you’re ever  going to have. Okay? I just hope you understand that. As quoted in "Alex Jones Melts Globalists over Terror: Mind-Controlled Media Sacrificing the West for Islam" by Rebecca Mansour, Breitbart.com (21 September 2016) (video)
BBC's Sunday Politics, 9 June 2013.
Alex Jones Show
"Alex Jones EPIC Anti-Globalist Rant", IncorporatedOps, February 13, 2017
"Alex Jones English British Accent imitates Police", The Alex Jones Show, 13 May 2013.
You’re weak! Your god's weak!" "Alex Jones Gets Into a Fight and Gets His Microphone Stolen",  May 21st, 2015
Alec Baldwin  thinks he is a tough guy, I challenge him a million dollars to the  charity he wants to get in the ring with me, bare knuckle. I will, I'll  do it right now. I'll get in the ring with you and I will break your  jaw, I will knock your teeth out, I will break your nose, and I will  break your neck. You coward, you think you're tough guy, messing with  little cameramen people. You want to sit there and defame me and the  president? Get in the ring with me, I will break your jaw in seconds. I  will smash your nose into a bloody pulp, and I will whack your teeth  out. My fists are going to bleeding with your teeth marks all over em.  You frickin' bully, you coward. I hate you, my listeners hate you and  remember that, scumbag, forever. Heh heh heh heh. We're going to defeat  this anti-human scum, we're going to wreck their world. "Alex Jones to Alec Baldwin: I Will Break Your Jaw In Seconds", The Alex Jones Show, March 13 2017.
I will go to hell before I sit here and watch this country  and the world turned over to these savages! I'm done, I'm pissed, and  I'm not putting up with it anymore! Let me tell you something, you  filthy traitors in the government, you pieces of crap.You are the  most degenerate, twisted, mentally ill people I've ever seen, wanting  to gang-rape this Republic and this country and the West that has been  the literal cornerstone, the absolute jewel in the crown of free Western  Renaissance societies and the very best literature, music, technology,  science, medicine, culture the world's ever seen!You Satanists wanna  to sacrifice the West! You wanna to kill the beautiful goddess that is  the West! You people are enemies, and we're going to get your asses, and  we know what you're up to, and we're coming for you! As quoted in "Alex Jones Melts Globalists over Terror: Mind-Controlled Media Sacrificing the West for Islam" by Rebecca Mansour, Breitbart.com (21 September 2016) (video)
Stop feeling like you don't have power. Stop feeling pathetic  and weak. Break out of your television-induced trance. It starts with a  war growl. It starts with getting fired up, staring at yourself in the  mirror, and showing some teeth, and saying "I'm a human being. I have  dignity. I'm gonna resist. I'm gonna start recognizing the propaganda.  I'm gonna break free from it. I'm not gonna fight with my family. I'm  gonna organize with my family, and realize we're under attack by the  social engineers. And I'm not gonna fight with my neighbors. We're gonna  organize. Humanity's gonna come together." AAAHHH! YAAAHHH! We know  we're under attack! We know it! We're breaking the conditioning!  YAAAHHH! RAAAHH! We're coming for ya globalist. Coming for ya!  Coming for ya! We know what you're doing! I'm sorry. I just get fired up  when I think about what they're doing to us and how I wanna resist  them, and how easy they are to defeat. Excuse me. I think my  testosterone's going up. This happens every time I start working out a  lot again. And I, uh, swam two miles this morning pretty hard, and uh,  ate a big fat steak steak last night full of horomones, testosterone, on  its own right. So I'm going a little bit wild today, excuse me. Alex Jones RANT: "We're Coming for Ya Globalist", July 2011.
It took me about a year with Sandy Hook  to come to grips with the fact that the whole thing was fake. I mean, I  couldn't believe it. I knew they jumped on it, used the crisis, hyped  it up. But then I did deep research and my gosh, it just pretty much  didn't happen. The Alex Jones Show, 28 December 2014.
[ It's Called a Gimmick!}
What do I do lord? [in a demonic voice] *"Destroy the  child, corrupt them all."* This is their plan people. These are demons.  Just like the Bible says. Basically an intergalactic invasion into this  space through people. I...I...I'm telling you it's what the ancients  said. It's what they warned of. It's what we're dealing with. They're  demons. They're freaking inter dimensional invaders. Okay, i'll just say  it. Make fun of me all you want on CNN or whatever but everyone already  intimately knows this. These people are not freaking humans, okay. Hillary Clinton is a god damn demon. The Alex Jones Show, "What Do I Do Lord? Destroy The Child! Corrupt Them All!", June 2016.
What do you think tap water is? It's a gay bomb,  baby. And I'm not saying people didn't naturally have homosexual  feelings. I'm not even getting into it, quite frankly. I mean, give me a  break. Do you think I'm like, oh, shocked by it, so I'm up here bashing  it because I don't like gay people? I don't like 'em putting chemicals in the water that turn the freakin' frogs gay! Do you understand that? I'm sick of being social engineered, it's not funny! "Alex Jones Gay Bomb Rant", October 16 2015.
The Alex Jones Show, 11 August 2016.
Out of the sewer, literal vampire pot bellied goblins are hobbling around coming after us! Literal vampire pot bellied goblins, The Alex Jones Show, July 18 2017.
Well I've got news for them. You don't run the show. And you  don't run the heavens and you don't even run humanity. And everything  they build against us, is going to be used against you, and it's going  to be, directly responsible for your downfall, and that's why you hate  me, because you know, that I speak the truth. And you that this flesh  isn't pure. But my spirit is, and means everything I say. I see you.  Every. Horrible. Part of you. Every facet. Every surface, every little  deep thought "Alex Jones is in a Death Battle", The Alex Jones Show, January 29, 2017.
I Can't go to Houston without them come after my genitals, eh the TSA perv﻿ "Alex Jones Most Intense Moments, The Alex Jones Show, January 14, 2017.
The age of cowardice is coming is an end. The age of men will return. The Alex Jones Show, "The Age Of Men Has Returned", October 2016
Alex Jones Breaks Down and Cries, Dec 26, 2011
Is that maggot meant to dominate us!? Are we meant to be her slave!? The Alex Jones Show, Feb 10, 2014
If I'm in, you know, especially in a poor area, and I see guys  walking like they're thugs down the street, I don't care what color they  are, I go "That guy looks like they're a thug, and looks like they're  tough, okay... If they try to shake me down I'm gonna ignore them and  keep walking, and if they come up to me and try to put a hand on me, I'm  gonna punch 'em right in the throat. 'Cause I don't wanna jump on top  on of 'em and hurt my knees and stuff, when I slam their head in the  ground. Plus, I don't wanna kill 'em. 'Cause then I'd have to go to jail  and stuff, and they'd have to find that it was done in self defense.  Been down that road." So, I'm sitting there and I'm thinking, "Alright.  I'm gonna punch this guy in the throat." I'm thinking how hard am I  gonna punch him. And I'm not thinking he's a black guy. I'm thinking the  guy's walking like a thug, thinks they're tough, and I'm  thinking about how I'm going to defend myself. Just like when I've been  at the Coast, a few years ago, and walk out of a restaurant in South  Padre and they're having a biker rally—and it wasn't like a nice biker  rally, most rallies are nice people—it was like thug wannabes, rode up  with a motorcycle...and were looking at me, and I was thinking "Okay.  Alright. That guy is taking his helmet off. I'm gonna punch him in the  throat the minute he tries to get up and do something, and then I'm  gonna assault those next three guys. Then they'll probably pull a  weapon. I need to take that." I mean, that's what I'm thinking whenever  something like that is going on. I can't help it. I'm thinking,  "Alright, I'm ready to kill." That's just how I am. And I'm thinking,  "Alright. Okay. Instantly assess these guys. These are probably ex-con,  real criminals. I've got my three kids here. That gives me, you know,  just turbo dinosaur power. And I'm thinking, "Control yourself. Don't  have a fight, unless you absolutely got to." You know, the man in me is  ready to take all on! and... you know what I'm talking about, don't you?  ARGH, you scum! I hate gang members and filth! And it has nothing to do  with black people. But I will stump your head in if you start a fight  with me, you thug scum! Anyways, excuse me ladies and gentlemen. "Alex Jones Self-Defense Rant", July 2013.
As quoted in "Alex Jones Rants On ‘Islamic Sleeper Cell’ Obama And Baby Eating" by Isabel Carter-Kahn, Rightwingwatch.org (8 December 2015) (video)
"Demonic Mustache Rant!", February 2012.
I will not be stopped. Because I get on my knees and beg for  something particularly, I don’t get it. But I’m not in a coma, got that?  I’m not in one. I’m going to stop that Nazi piece of crap, and you’re  going to stop him, and he hates our guts. Well, we’re coming for you—you  got it? "Alex Jones Screams That Globalists Want To Murder The Midwest", The Alex Jones Show, April 4 2018.
He says 'Alex Jones and the white supremests are saying go to  the people's houses and kill the parents, and we have to take him off  the air because he says kill the parents, there's no free speech for  killing parents' and I'm like 'dude, do not say that, I'm gonna get  killed'. I mean, I've never said nobody died at Parkland, and I sure as  hell didn't say 'kill their parents' above, continued
It's over for the globalist. Break the conditioning now! "Alex Jones BREAK THE CONDITIONING NOW!!!", The Alex Jones Show, October 11, 2016.
You're a big fat bully scumbag! And i don't like you! The Alex Jones Show, "Alex Jones Destroys Bill O'Reilly For Demonizing The 2nd Amendment", June 22, 2016.
Donald Trump shit his fucking pants at the fucking moment of  truth and shit all over everybody. That’s my first approximation. I’m  not in a fucking cult for Donald Trump. Fuck him. Fuck his family. Fuck  all these people. "The Night Where Alex Jones Said Fuck Trump", The Alex Jones Show, April 13 2018.
The Alex Jones Show, "The Greatness Of George Washington", Mach 2, 2016
The Alex Jones Show, Feb 10, 2014
Literal vampire pot bellied goblins, The Alex Jones Show, July 18 2017.
"Trump Ally Alex Jones: "I Was Told By People Around" Clinton That "She's Demon-Possessed", October 10, 2016
When I think about all the children Hillary Clinton  has personally murdered and chopped up and raped, I have zero fear  standing up against her. Yeah, you heard me right. Hillary Clinton has  personally murdered children. I just can't hold back the truth anymore.  Hillary Clinton is one of the most vicious serial killers the planet's  ever seen. Said in a YouTube video posted on 4 November 2016, as quoted in "Alex Jones: ‘Hillary Clinton Has Personally Murdered And Chopped Up And Raped' Children" by Brian Tashman, Right Wing Watch (8 December 2016)
Scum, nazi, filth, trash, garbage, maggots. We're all ruled by  little chicken-neck nellies, going "Kill everybody! I get off when I  talk about cutting people's power off! I'm a nelly!" RAARGH! Just  simpering control freaks, in big nerd packs, taking everything over,  ruling everything. Becoming police officers with weapons, tasering us  for fun. I've had it with control freaks and scum! You people are  cancer! Ugh! Alright, I'm not in a good mood now. I start thinking about  Bill Gates,  that little chicken-neck, hopping around, little murdering eugenicist.  You know how he walks, like a demonic elf. "I'm Bill Gates! I'm gonna  shoot you up with something that's gonna kill you deader than a hammer.  How's a 30 year death from gut disease sound, African children? Roll up  the sleeves! I'm a little chicken-neck bastard, and nobody's got the  will to see what I am!" Alex's Bill Gates Chicken-Neck Bastard 'Rant', September 2011.
